----- Viewing Items and Recipes -----
Q. - How do you view your inventory?
	A. In the menu, click "Pantry". 

Q. - How do you view just recipes with items in your inventory?
	A. In the menu, click "Available Recipes". This shows recipes with only ingredients
	found in your inventory. 

Q. - How do I see all my recipes, regardless of inventory?
	A. In the menu, click "Cook Book". 

----- Editing Inventory -----
Q. - How do I add Items into the Pantry/Inventory?
	A. There are two ways. On the home page, you can use the shortcut button "Add New Item". Otherwise, 
	In the menu, go to "Edit Pantry", then click "Add New Item". For both methods, you can then enter
	information about the inventory item, and click "Enter". 

Q. - How do I delete an item in the Pantry?
	A. Go to "Edit Pantry" and click "Delete Item". Enter the name of the item's name, exactly how it appears 
	in the Pantry page, and click "Delete". 

Q. - How do I modify an item in the pantry?
	A. You can change the amount, the spelling, or any difference for an item in the inventory by going to 
	"Edit Pantry" and then clicking "Modify Item". Select the inventory item from the scrolling menu, and then
	update any field. 

----- Editing Recipes ----- 
Q. - How do I add a new recipe?
	A. There are two ways. On the home page, you can use the shortcut button "Add New Recipe" or you can 
	navigate in the menu to "Edit Pantry" and then click "Add New Recipe". Either method will pop-up an 
	edit page. Add relevent information about the recipe, such as it's name, a description, and a link 
	to a website with instructions. Use the scrollbar to select the number of ingredients (up to 20) and
	then click "Enter Ingredient Number". Entry fields will appear for each ingredient, enter the 
	ingredient name, quantity, and the quantity units for each ingredient. 

Q. - How do I delete a recipe?
	A. Go to Edit Pantry, then click "Delete Recipe". Enter the name of the recipe as it appears in the 
	Cook Book. This will delete the recipe information, as well as any ingredient information for that recipe. 

Q. - How do I modify an existing recipe?
	A. Go to Edit Pantry, then click "Modify Recipe". Select a recipe from the drop down menu. This will 
	enter the recipe information, as well as the ingredients for that recipe. Edit any or all fields 
	related to the recipe and then click "Update Recipe". 

----- Support -----
Q. - How can I contact someone if I need additional help?
	A. Email kelly.may@mymail.champlain.edu and I will get back to you with an answer to your question.

 Thank you for using Pantry to Plate! 